t3 as Theron Shan checked in lately what
kind of mission hey I just called t32
haven't find you and he said you were
already on the way that's some
impressive timing what are you doing
here they're digging just like i said i
would let me show you what I've got so
far
Colonel Derek commanded our strike on
Korriban supposedly to gather valuable
intelligence data none of which has been
turned over to the sis this is the Sith
you spoke to on Titan Darth arcus member
of the Dark Council organizer of the
attack on the Jedi Temple you found a
connection between them yes they've both
been paying visits to the same genetics
lab in an underwater facility here on
the nod they're headed down there again
as we speak is it some kind of medical
treatment facility experimental research
something else there's no documentation
for the labs purpose the traffic in and
out is mostly Freight not passenger
probably research which fits my other
findings with Derek and Argus working
together the timing of the attacks makes
perfect sense they weren't really
attacks at all they were robberies
robberies what do you mean the M salts
something out of the Jedi Temple just
before you got there a few security
hallows were still working so I got a
shot of it Derek's top guy commander
Jensen grab something similar on Corbin
I ran the images through some databases
they were pieces of ancient ricotta
technology ancient technology galactic
conspiracies secret labs should we get
her heads checked i probably wouldn't
believe it either if i didn't see all
the evidence for myself I'm pretty sure
Derek and arcus have brought their
ricotta tech to the lab you're gonna
have to go in and figure out exactly
what they're doing with it there I've
arranged transport to get you in but
security will probably come after you
with more than smiles don't let them
slow you down while you're searching the
lab for Argus and Derek I'm gonna meet
with one last contact I think she might
have some interesting Intel for us she
you wouldn't believe me if I told you
good luck down there